refactor(environment-variables): Document how to export all Gitpod en… (#2592)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/environment-variables.md

The values are [URL encoded](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_urlencode.asp) to allow any non-ascii characters in values.
In case of a conflict, e.g. in the example above if the user already had a variable `var2` set, the user's value would be used.

## Exporting all the Gitpod environment variables that you created

> Inside a Gitpod workspace, you can run the following command, it will write your variables inside a file called gitpod.env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To Save your environment variables in a different file, you can run the following command in your Gitpod Workspace terminal:
```
